Add Clock control demo2 to bittide-instances (#196)
bittide/bittide-hardware: bittide-instances/demo-files/clockControlDemo1/README.md

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2022 Google LLC

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->
## How to set up clockControlDemo1
1. Generate HDL for clockControlDemo1 as by calling:

>   cabal run bittide-instances:shake -- clockControlDemo1:hdl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `cabal run bittide-instances:shake -- clockControlDemo1:hdl`
```

2. Start new Vivado project.
3. Import the following files in Vivado:

>   * all generated verilog files from _build/clash/Bittide_Instances_MVPs_clockControlDemo1
>   * topEntity.v
>   * topEntity.xdc
> 4. Set topEntity.v as top entity.
> 5. Set topEntity.xdc as target constraint file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * all generated verilog files from `_build/clash/Bittide_Instances_MVPs_clockControlDemo1`
  * `topEntity.v`
  * `topEntity.xdc`
4. Set `topEntity.v` as top entity.
5. Set `topEntity.xdc` as target constraint file.
```

> 6. In Vivado's TCL console, source the clashConnector.tcl file
> 7. In Vivado's TCL console, read the generated metadata file with "clash::readMetaData _build/clash/Bittide_Instances_MVPs_clockControlDemo1"
> 8. In Vivado's TCL console, generate all the IPs in the design with "clash::createIp"
> 9. In Vivado's IP catalog, use the clock wizard to generate a clock buffer for the incoming FMC_HPC_CLK1_M2S clock, see topEntity.v for enabled ports.
> 10. In Vivado's IP catalog, use the clock wizard to generate a clock buffer for the incoming USER_SMA_CLOCK, see topEntity.v for enabled ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In Vivado's TCL console, source the `clashConnector.tcl` file
7. In Vivado's TCL console, read the generated metadata file with `clash::readMetaData _build/clash/Bittide_Instances_MVPs_clockControlDemo1`
8. In Vivado's TCL console, generate all the IPs in the design with `clash::createIp`
9. In Vivado's IP catalog, use the clock wizard to generate a clock buffer for the incoming `FMC_HPC_CLK1_M2S` clock, see `topEntity.v` for enabled ports.
10. In Vivado's IP catalog, use the clock wizard to generate a clock buffer for the incoming `USER_SMA_CLOCK`, see `topEntity.v` for enabled ports.
```

> See the constraint file for all pin mappings.
> You should be able to create a bitstream now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the constraint file, `topEntity.xdc`, for all pin mappings.
```
